add-port-forward-in-clinic-doc (#2130)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/clinic-user-guide.md

    - The port to access `diag-collector service` from outside is `31917`.
    - The service type is NodePort. You can access this service from any host in the Kubernetes cluster with its IP address `${host}` and port `${port}`.

>     - If there has network restriction between host, you can use `port-forward` command to redirect Service port `4917` to local, then use `127.0.0.1:4917` to access this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If there are network restrictions between hosts, you can use the `port-forward` command to redirect the service port `4917` to local, and then use `127.0.0.1:4917` to access this service.
```
